OBSDOCS-152: Additional logging Support section clean up (#64444)
openshift/openshift-docs: logging/cluster-logging-support.adoc

* Historical or long term log retention or storage
* A guaranteed log sink
* Secure storage - audit logs are not stored by default

include::modules/cluster-logging-maintenance-support-list.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/unmanaged-operators.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="cluster-logging-support-must-gather"]
== Collecting logging data for Red Hat Support

> When opening a support case, it is helpful to provide debugging information about your cluster to Red Hat Support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When opening a support case, it is helpful to provide debugging information about your cluster to Red{nbsp}Hat Support.
```
Per new SSG guidance, use a non-breaking space between `Red` and `Hat`: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#non-breaking-spaces

> The
> ifdef::openshift-enterprise,openshift-origin[]
> xref:../support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc#gathering-cluster-data[`must-gather` tool]
> endif::[]
> ifdef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
> link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/support/gathering-cluster-data.html#gathering-cluster-data[`must-gather` tool]
> endif::[]
> enables you to collect diagnostic information for project-level resources, cluster-level resources, and each of the {logging} components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the
ifdef::openshift-enterprise,openshift-origin[]
xref:../support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc#gathering-cluster-data[`must-gather` tool]
endif::[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/support/gathering-cluster-data.html#gathering-cluster-data[`must-gather` tool]
endif::[]
to collect diagnostic information for project-level resources, cluster-level resources, and each of the {logging} components.
```
Per [the ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-anthropomorphism), "Do not assign human characteristics to inanimate objects, which are incapable of human behaviors and emotions. As much as possible, focus technical information on users and their actions, not on a product and its actions." Rephrase the sentence to make it based on user agency, rather than the technology "enabling" the user to do something. One suggested edit is above.

For prompt support, supply diagnostic information for both {product-title} and the {logging-title}.

[NOTE]
====
Do not use the `hack/logging-dump.sh` script. The script is no longer supported and does not collect data.
====

> include::modules/cluster-logging-must-gather-about.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Author: This is basically the same thing as linking to the section (reusing the module that explains what it is) but instead of a user having to navigate away from the page, we can include the same info for the intro. The section after it is specific to using must-gather for logging, so I feel like it makes sense to keep this brief intro here 🙂
